There is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on.

There is an optimal size for any project, and it is always bigger than you can afford.

There is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal.

There is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits.

There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.

There is nothing wrong with you that an expensive surgical operation cannot prolong.

There is wisdom in madness and strong probability of truth in all accusations, for people are complete, and everybody is capable of anything.

There's nothing wrong with gluttony...providing you don't overdo it.

These days, an education is essential for career success. Unless, of course, you run for Congress.

They don't invite you to the White House for a drink because they think you are thirsty.

Things get worse under pressure.

Those things are better which are perfected by Nature than those which are finished by art.

Those who beat their swords into plowshares generally end up plowing for those who didn't.

Those who can - do.
Those who can't - teach.
Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.

Those who can't teach - administer.
Those who can't administer - run for public office.

Those who do not follow are dragged.

Those who do not learn from history often end up making it.

Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made.

Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.

To a little fish, the waters are always deep.

To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.

To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.

To err is human. To really foul things up requires a computer. To create utter chaos with no perceivable possibility of salvation calls for an MBA.

To have honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey the sauce to sugar.

To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.

To spot the true expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.

To understand the clay is not to understand the pot.

Today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last night.

Too much of anything is wonderful.

Truth is a hard master to serve, for the more devotedly you serve her, the more she hurts you.

Truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly.

Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.

Under some conditions, in some place, at some time, there will always be at least one law, ordinance, or statute under which you can be booked.

Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of temperature, pressure, humidity, time, and voltage, the machine will do as it damned well pleases.

Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty.

You may as well take a person's money as his time.

Universities are full of knowledge. The freshmen bring a little in and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.

Virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice does.

Virtue is a social liability.

We ain't cheap, but by gosh, we're good!

We are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life. So, bail faster, damn it!

We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us.

We do not know who first discovered water. However, we are confident that it was not a fish.

We don't know one millionth of one per cent about anything.

We know what we are, but not what we may be.

Welcome to the totally-automated, fully computerized world of the twenty-first century, where nothing can go wrong...go wrong...go wrong...

What do the lie detector and Wonder Woman have in common They were invented by the same person. Kinda figures, doesn't it.

What do you call 500 bureaucrats at the bottom of the Potomac river ? A start.

What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.

What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.

Whatever is not nailed down is the government's. Whatever the government can pry loose is not nailed down.

When I works, I works fast. When I plays, I plays hard. And when I thinks, I falls asleep.

When a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly.

When a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies of his whole life.

When anything is used to its full potential, it will break.

When comes the revolution, things will be different - not better, just different.

When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.

When in trouble or in doubt, Run in circles, yell and shout.

When men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies to innovation.

When smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in handy.

When the hounds bay, the fox and the rabbit are brothers.

When the mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole very near by.

When the old dog barks, better look out the window.

When there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning.

When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.

When you've read about one train wreck, you've read about them all.

Whenever a man casts a longing eye at public office, a rottenness appears in his conduct.

Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damned fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it totally beyond recognition.

Where you stand on an issue depends upon where you sit.

Who mourns the falling of a single leaf ?

Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.

Why do they always start off the evening news with "Good evening" when all they do is tell you why it isn't ?

Why is there always so much month left at the end of the money ?

Why long for glory, which one despises as soon as one has it ?

Women like silent men. They think they're listening.

Women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz.

Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.

Workers these days don't mind putting in an honest day's work. Trouble is, it takes 'em a week to do it.

Would that reason were as contagious as emotion.

Would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder?

Yea, though I walk thru the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, 'cause I'm the meanest s.o.b. in the valley.

Years ago, the symbol of America was the bald eagle. Today, it is the beer bottle on the side of the road.

You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.

You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.

You can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one, you're done with the other.

You can't drown your troubles, not the real ones, because if they are real, they can swim.

You can't have a clear head when there is a sword hanging over it.

You can't win.

You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be too late.

You cannot reason a man out of that which he has not been reasoned into.

You cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth.

You know that it's gonna be a bad day when you call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.

You know you are in trouble when you come to work in the morning and the boss tells you not to take off your coat.

You know you are in trouble when your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind her own business.

You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get.

You never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the beach.

You only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone.

You rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed.

You've one mouth and two ears...use them in that proportion.

Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins.